now we all make bad decisions all in
some cross positions flying mutants into
missiles and all sorts of other issues
sometimes you're on a mission and we
don't want to listen in the end it makes
us wish to not be swallowed by your
mission we all make bad decisions
Harlingen cross positions flying noodles
into missiles and all sorts of other
issues sometimes we're on a mission and
be the one elicited in the end and he
says listen I'll be troubled by ambition
I hear this over yourself freedom from
lobs I came in contact with three
different races three different faces
but the similarity is this one thing
that they all combat with their ambition
now sit around and listen I'd let her
mean marine full of steam and he wasn't
nice right
he just wanted to succeed but he
couldn't fight his comrades they were
fully upgraded from the engineering
brain but he didn't want to wait but a
good friend of his that was stationed at
his camp said bro I got a new type of
genetic enhancement three three pigs too
long instead of waiting I got the stuff
to provide instant gratification well
since he was a patient with no
hesitation he purchased cases without
reading the documentation and
three doses and sprinted into battle the
first shot that hit implanted a mentor
ran out we all make bad decisions all in
some Cross positions flying Buddha's
into missiles and all sorts of other
issues sometimes we're on a mission
and we don't wanna listen and the end it
makes us risks and not be swallowed by
your vision we all make bad decisions
Paula Jim cross positions flying noodles
and the missiles and all sorts of other
issues sometimes were on a mission and
we don't wanna listen in the end the
pieces miss and not be struck by a bitch
oh there was this little thing they
called him little wing he was slower
than the rest of me yet trouble fitting
end oh I hope you're listening can send
some little Edgar little wing just
wanted to be faster than his griddle
legs could carry him and apparently the
complete on his group was that his blood
was incompatible with metabolic boost so
we kicked and screamed it was quite
absurd at first but he stopped when he
heard a certain song by nerd alert
little Ling wanted what literally had
seen in fact the green backpack is what
he needed
cuz that he lacks and think of roll
around as fast as as friends not only
could he keep up with would look cooler
in the end so little link turned into
little fling but he didn't pay attention
to what anybody thinks he
bullying with his friends had happened
in a flash when he crashed and splashed
his friends they passed we all make bad
decisions on the gym cross positions
flying Newtons and thistles and all
sorts of other issues sometimes were on
a mission and we don't wanna listen any
enemy says listen not be swallowed by
him job here's the story overselling he
was too overzealous hearing stories of
all motherships and things that made him
jealous see he would use his two side
planes to slice and dice his foes and
when they beg for mercy no mercy didn't
show he had a couple friends he wanted
to be better than and try and strive but
it was clearly everything that zealous
can never be as tall as a colossus or
flyer than a phoenix he was desert a one
toss but he didn't wanna hear that and
didn't wanna be that he was a strong
Judas but was too jealous to see that or
believe that what he wanted was to be
the best y'all instead of being a final
part of the Protoss death ball he
charged the head calling the rest of his
army losers
unfortunately he was greeted by for
battle cruisers instead of taking it
slow I bet these three are wishing that
they didn't take the rotor being
swallowed by entrez now we all make bad
decisions all in some cross positions
missiles and all sorts of other issues
sometimes you're on a mission and we
don't want to listen in the end it makes
us risks and not be swallowed by your
laces we all make bad decisions
Harlingen cross positions flying news
and the missiles and all sorts of other
issues sometimes were on a mission and
we don't wanna listen any enemy says
listen I'll be swallowed by a mesh